# Lesson 3 Reflections

## Reflection 1 - Remote Repositories 

**When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your
work local?**

It is extremely useful to have your files in a remote repository when you
collaborate with others or even just when you want to be able to access your
files remotely from any device. However, if you only use one device and do not
work with other people on projects, you might not find the remote repository
beneficial.

## Reflection 2 - Manual vs. Automatic Pull

**Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?**

If Git automatically kept you up to date with the remote, the result could be
chaotic. Would the update cause you to loose work because the remote was
updated? Or what if the remote takes the project in a certain direction and you
want to try out something different? Automatic updates would make this
impossible.

## Reflection 3 - Forks, Cones, and Branches

**Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you
use one instead of the other?**

A fork is a copy of a github user's repository into your github account. A
clone can be either a copy of an online repository or a local one. A Branch is
a tool for working on several different versions of a project at the same time.
A branch would be used of you already have a local repository that contains
some sort of project and you want to begin working on adding a new feature or
experimenting. Clones are used to retreive git repositories from github, other
servers, or local machines. 

## Reflection 4 - Local copies of remote branches 

**What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?**

The benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored
locally is that you can make changes and not worry about your changes being
undone by collaborators updating the repository.
